could you all grab us a hackage of the
old burgers sourdough get a bunch got to
do what we got to do get about the
burgers they're gonna love it anyway
sourdough bye yes I was just gonna keep
trying to put the food out to regular so
we started making the burgers on
sourdough bread then using the frozen
french fries and the frozen ground beef
in an effort to make good on the orders
a desperate kitchen staff lowers its
standards and starts delivering cheap
substitutes that is all we have is a bun
and the disappointment combined with the
long wait is too much for one customer
to bear
[Music]
what is that pile of [ __ ] what's that
for this special burgers what whoa hey
guys why is that burger on there the
process one John what are the 86 it when
I said take it off we haven't got the
right ones who should be serving it the
most important lowering the standard
just to keep it on it doesn't make
[ __ ] sense that's good he's afraid of
pink sorry I got two paper plates around
some sort of big believer ball how do
you eat a toast
such a shame because I got off to a
really good start but then tennis
started dropping but John and Rick
accepted the standards dropping and they
just were happy to send slop so a real
Saturn into dealing because right now
we're back to square one
[Music]
should be ashamed
I busted my balls all day today thinking
a way of marketing this place and
putting it back on the map [ __ ] it can't
do it I'm not gonna do anything
it's I'm a hundred percent convinced
that you guys are ready to turn the
corner I seriously want to help I need
to know from each and every one of you
that you're ready to commit I'm ready to
commit okay see in the morning I'm here
early
taking the staffs word of commitment to
heart Gordon moves forward with his plan
to transform Jay Willie's from a dreary
restaurant into a more inviting
establishment hi guys good morning
now he's feeling PC yes does that look
great Jay Willie's barbecue yes this is
gonna be the best barbecue house in town
first of all you help pay for new paint
final tablecloths yes
[Music]
the brick facade to give us some warmth
oh my gosh
it's classy yeah it's overwhelming for
me just everything blew me away
wall vibrant and exciting carpet first
time in 15 years hey John keep it clean
yes what do you think what do you mean
don't deserve it smack you hey every top
barbecue house in the country has the
best sauce and that is what we've been
favored for look over there
on site homemade a exclusive 75 items on
the last menu no wonder we can control
it
hey it's now in half it's fresh and it's
gonna be quick
from the homemade burger the BLT to the
pulled pork potato skins no processed
cheese anywhere barbecued chicken spicy
chicken wings and legs yes at this point
I think with the momentum that Chef
Ramsay has given us we are now committed
to making this and right I'm gonna do
something I've never ever done before
I've had my concerns about the lack of
strength in the kitchen they need a
proper training and a proper insight to
what's going on I'm bringing in not one
not two but four chefs Scott Kim Michael
please and April
this college tuition has never been done
before it's awesome Chef Ramsay and let
us know that he was there for us we will
be ready for the relaunch of Jay
Willie's tonight
well thank [ __ ] for that
you